// Hyena keybindings
// A compact layout for typists, polyglots, mathematicians, programmers and Emacs users.
// (c) 2015 by Richard Gomes - http://github.com/frgomes/hyena

// For more infomation, please see:  xkb/symbols/hyena

partial alphanumeric_keys
xkb_symbols "hyena" {
    name[Group1]= "English (US, Hyena Layer5)";
    include "us(basic)"
    include "us(symbolic)"
    include "hyena(level5)"
    include "hyena(esc)"
    include "hyena(tab)"
    include "hyena(bksp)"
    include "hyena(tlde)"
    include "level3(ralt_switch)"
    include "level5(caps_switch)"
    include "shift(both_shiftlock)"
};

partial alphanumeric_keys
xkb_symbols "hyena-dvorak" {
    name[Group1]= "English (US, Hyena Layer5, Dvorak)";
    include "us(dvorak)"
    //NOTE:: should never: include "us(symbolic)"
    include "hyena(level5)"
    include "hyena(esc)"
    include "hyena(tab)"
    include "hyena(tlde)"
    include "level3(ralt_switch)"
    include "level5(caps_switch)"
    include "shift(both_shiftlock)"
};

partial alphanumeric_keys
xkb_symbols "hyena-colemak" {
    name[Group1]= "English (US, Hyena Layer5, Colemak)";
    include "us(colemak)"
    //NOTE:: should never: include "us(symbolic)"
    include "hyena(level5)"
    include "hyena(esc)"
    include "hyena(tab)"
    include "hyena(tlde)"
    include "level3(ralt_switch)"
    include "level5(caps_switch)"
    include "shift(both_shiftlock)"
};

partial alphanumeric_keys
xkb_symbols "hyena-carpalx" {
    name[Group1]= "English (US, Hyena Layer5, Carpalx)";
    include "us(carpalx)"
    //TODO: include "us(symbolic-carpalx)"
    include "hyena(level5)"
    include "hyena(esc)"
    include "hyena(tab)"
    include "hyena(tlde)"
    include "level3(ralt_switch)"
    include "level5(caps_switch)"
    include "shift(both_shiftlock)"
};

partial alphanumeric_keys
xkb_symbols "hyena-carpalx-full" {
    name[Group1]= "English (US, Hyena Layer5, Carpalx, full optimization)";
    include "us(carpalx-full)"
    //TODO: include "us(symbolic-carpalx-full)"
    include "hyena(level5)"
    include "hyena(esc)"
    include "hyena(tab)"
    include "hyena(tlde)"
    include "level3(ralt_switch)"
    include "level5(caps_switch)"
    include "shift(both_shiftlock)"
};

partial alphanumeric_keys
xkb_symbols "hyena-miniguru" {
    name[Group1]= "English (US, Hyena Layer5, MiniGuru emulation)";
    include "us(basic)"
    include "hyena(level5-miniguru)"
    include "hyena(esc)"
    include "hyena(tab)"
    include "hyena(tlde)"
    include "level3(ralt_switch)"
    include "level5(caps_switch)"
    include "shift(both_shiftlock)"
};

partial alphanumeric_keys
xkb_symbols "hyena-miniguru-alt-intl" {
    name[Group1]= "English (US, Hyena Layer5, MiniGuru emulation, alt. intl., with dead keys)";
    include "us(alt-intl)"
    include "hyena(level5-miniguru)"
    include "hyena(esc)"
    include "hyena(tab)"
    include "hyena(tlde)"
    include "level3(ralt_switch)"
    include "level5(caps_switch)"
    include "shift(both_shiftlock)"
};

partial alphanumeric_keys
xkb_symbols "hyena-miniguru-intl-unicode" {
    name[Group1]= "English (US, Hyena Layer5, MiniGuru emulation, intl., AltGr Unicode combining)";
    include "us(intl-unicode)"
    include "hyena(level5-miniguru)"
    include "hyena(esc)"
    include "hyena(tab)"
    include "hyena(tlde)"
    include "level3(ralt_switch)"
    include "level5(caps_switch)"
    include "shift(both_shiftlock)"
};

partial alphanumeric_keys
xkb_symbols "hyena-yoda" {
    name[Group1]= "English (US, Hyena Layer5, TEX Yoda emulation)";
    include "us(basic)"
    include "hyena(level5-yoda)"
    include "hyena(esc)"
    include "hyena(tab)"
    include "hyena(tlde)"
    include "level3(ralt_switch)"
    include "level5(caps_switch)"
    include "shift(both_shiftlock)"
};

partial alphanumeric_keys
xkb_symbols "hyena-yoda-alt-intl" {
    name[Group1]= "English (US, Hyena Layer5, TEX Yoda emulation, alt. intl., with dead keys)";
    include "us(alt-intl)"
    include "hyena(level5-yoda)"
    include "hyena(esc)"
    include "hyena(tab)"
    include "hyena(tlde)"
    include "level3(ralt_switch)"
    include "level5(caps_switch)"
    include "shift(both_shiftlock)"
};

partial alphanumeric_keys
xkb_symbols "hyena-yoda-intl-unicode" {
    name[Group1]= "English (US, Hyena Layer5, TEX Yoda emulation, intl., AltGr Unicode combining)";
    include "us(intl-unicode)"
    include "hyena(level5-yoda)"
    include "hyena(esc)"
    include "hyena(tab)"
    include "hyena(tlde)"
    include "level3(ralt_switch)"
    include "level5(caps_switch)"
    include "shift(both_shiftlock)"
};
